Updating Readme (#128)
Legend-of-Dragoon-Modding/Legend-of-Dragoon-Java: README.md

### Getting Started

The Java version is still in early development and not ready for playing. A strong knowledge of Java and MIPS assembly is recommended. If you are interested in contributing (or just curious), the following steps should get you up and running:
1. Install a git client and ensure the installation includes command line integration
2. Clone this repository to your local computer using git

> 3. Copy an ISO/bin of the first LoD disk into the `isos` directory and rename it to `1.iso`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Copy your ISOs of the LoD disks into the `isos` directory and rename them to `1.iso`, `2.iso`, etc. Note: if you have BINs instead of ISOs, it's very likely you can change the file extension to ISO and they will work.
```

4. Open your local copy of this repository in your IDE (IntelliJ recommended)

> 5. The gradle settings will attempt to configure the project and associate a separate "lod-core" repository with it. This process should succeed; resolve any errors if it does not. (lack of command line git can cause issues here)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. Gradle should automatically attempt to configure the project and download all dependencies. If it doesn't, expand the gradle tab and click refresh. This process should succeed; resolve any errors if it does not. (lack of command line git can cause issues here)
```
